Separate CI tests (#350)
nf-core/taxprofiler: CHANGELOG.md

- [#332](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/332) Improved meta map stability for more robust pipeline resuming (fix by @jfy133)
- [#338](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/338) Fixed wrong file 'out' file going to `centrifuge kreport` module (♥ to @LilyAnderssonLee for reporting, fix by @jfy133)
- [#342](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/342) Fixed docs/usage to correctly list the required database files for Bracken and tips to obtain Kraken2 databases (fix by @husensofteng)

> - [#314](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/issues/314) Reorganize the CI tests into separate profiles to simplify the implementation of nf-test (fix by @LilyAnderssonLee)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#350](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler/pull/350) Reorganize the CI tests into separate profiles in preparation for implementation of nf-test (fix by @LilyAnderssonLee)
```
